{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs28\lang9 Cysthen's Tankadin Guide\line\b0\fs22\line First off I am going to start by saying a few things:\par
\par
> Most people will think you're completely useless.\par
\par
> If you think Soulforge is good for anything you're completely useless.\par
\par
> If you don't use consumables you're completely useless.\par
\par
> You'll never be a Warrior so remember to be realistic at times.\par
\par
> You have to be \b EXTREMELY DEDICATED \b0 to even have a chance at making this work.\par
\par
Lets get started.\par
\par
\b WHY PROTECTION PALADINS ARE RIGHTEOUS.\b0\par
\par
> Highest AOE threat of all classes.\par
\par
> Only class that can wipe all debuffs in the game for 15 mana.\par
\par
> Can Cleanse Poison, Disease, and Magic.\par
\par
> More Block Value from Talents than Warriors due to Shield Specialization and 10% Strength.\par
\par
\b STATS.\b0\par
\par
Stamina: 1 Stamina gives 10 health. (Important).\par
\par
Strength: Gives 2 Melee Attack Power and Increases Block Value. (Important).\par
\par
Agility: Increases chance to dodge. (Important).\line 20 Agility = 1% Dodge.\par
\par
Defense: Less chance to be crit and also gives mitigation. (Important).\line 1 Defense = 0.04% Chance to Block, Dodge, Parry, Miss, and less chance to be Crit.\line Crit cap is at 440. \line Don't worry about getting cap early on it won't happen until you have Styleens/AQ40 Gear.\par
\par
Attack Power: Increases Melee Damage. (Not Important on gear).\par
\par
Intellect: 1 Intellect is 15 Mana. (Not important on gear).\par
\par
Mana per 5: Helps, get this mostly from Consumables. (Not important on gear).\par
\par
The rest of the stats should be self explanatory.\par
\par
\b RACES.\par
\b0\par
Human: \line\par
Sword Specialization: Increases Sword and Two-Handed Sword Skill by 5.\line (Increases hit chance and threat).\par
\par
Mace Specialization: Increases Mace and Two-Handed Mace skill by 5.\line (Increases hit chance and threat).\par
\par
Diplomacy: Increases Reputation Gain by 10%\par
\par
The Human Spirit: Increase Spirit by 5%\par
\par
Perception: Increases Stealth Detection for 20 Sections. 3 Minute Cooldown.\par
\par
Naked Level 60 Stats:\line 105 Strength\line 65 Agility\line 100 Stamina\line 70 Intellect\line 81 Spirit\line 130 Armor\par
\par
Dwarf: \par
\par
Stoneform: Grants Poison, Disease, and Bleed Immunity. Also Increases Armor by 10% for 8 Seconds. 3 Minute Cooldown.\line (Useful Defensive Cooldown).\par
\par
Gun Specialization: Increases Gun Skill by 5.\par
\par
Find Treasure: Track nearby treasure on the map.\par
\par
Frost Resistance: Increases Frost Resistance by 10.\par
\par
Naked Level 60 Stats:\line 107 Strength\line 61 Agility\line 103 Stamina\line 69 Intellect\line 74 Spirit\line 122 Armor\par
\par
\b ABILITIES.\par
\par
\b0 Righteous Fury: Increases threat generation. Is self-explanatory. Always keep active if you plan on Tanking. I have a lot of fun stories on how I wiped raids having forgot to use this. Don't do that. \line\b KLH Threat Meter Add-on: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www23.zippyshare.com/v/PHq71Mds/file.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www23.zippyshare.com/v/PHq71Mds/file.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b0 Seal of Righteous Rank 8: Our main threat seal, deals holy damage every attack. Note that this seal scales with weapon speed. That means Spineshatter is actually better than Bloodlord's Defender for Paladins.\par
\par
Judgement: Judgment triggers the effect of the various seals. It's best to use it for Seal of Righteousness everything else is usually a waste of mana. Some of you might think Judge of Wisdom is also very good (you are right) although it is typically more important to get burst threat. First use the Judgment of Righteousness to build aggro, then you can use the Judgment of Wisdom second. (Only if you think the fight is long enough for it to be relevant and most aren't). Judgement of Crusader is the same way, it is not always necessary to keep threat, use it more when Off Tanking.\par
\par
Auras: Devotion Aura is what you will end up using most of the time. Resist Auras are equally as important but are situational. Retribution Aura can be good on smaller trash packs to speed things up. Theres a trick with Libram of Truth, if you equip it and use Devotion Aura then switch it to a different Libram you will still retain the 55 Armor.\par
\par
Divine Protection Rank 1: A 15 Mana Bubble that lasts 6 seconds. Usually forgot about by most Paladins once they get the better Bubble. Well some of us never forget. You might be thinking \b BUBBLE DROPS AGGRO WTF?! \b0 Well that may be true but when its over you keep all of the aggro you previously had, with that said Bubble gets rid of all debuffs in the game making it extremely useful. \par
This move has a differnet Icon than Divine Shield and for that reason alone I was able to make this Add-on with the help of "Snelf" over 12 years ago back in 2011. With this Add-on the ability will instantaneously debuff itself upon use. Type "\b /bp on\b0 " to activate it ingame.\b\line Divine Protection Add-on Link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www8.zippyshare.com/v/LwitXqog/file.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www8.zippyshare.com/v/LwitXqog/file.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b0 Blessing of Protection Rank 1: A Bubble you can use on other people, not very important but can be useful at times incase someone else has aggro when they shouldn't. It puts them in time out and allows you to have a easier time picking everything up.\par
\par
Exorcism Rank 6: Causes Holy Damage to Undead and Demons. Its a instant cast so its extremely useful for getting a lot of threat. Can also be downranked, I have used Rank 3 before picking up adds in Naxx rotating with Judgement. Very useful.\par
\par
Consecration Rank 5: The reason we are the best AoE tanks in the game. Although Consecration is a huge mana drain, it is one of our highest aggro abilities. It's best to put every rank on your bar so you can be more flexible with your mana and threat. Its smart to have one Rank 5 tick after you pull before your DPS goes crazy. \line\line Not sure if this works on every server but I'm \i pretty sure \i0 this is how its supposed to work.\line\line When you cast the spell the entire duration should be based on the stats you had when you casted it. With that in mind you can switch to a Spell Damage Weapon prior to using it, then cast it and switch back to a Tank Weapon increasing your threat meanwhile keeping your Tank Weapon equipped 99% of the time. Its best to do it directly after a weapon swing to minimalize being punished by the swing timer. \line\line In order to do this you will need the Add-on Weapon Quick Swap\line\b Weapon Quick Swap Add-on Link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www110.zippyshare.com/v/27ODfYaY/file.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www110.zippyshare.com/v/27ODfYaY/file.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\line\b0 Then you will need a Macro that looks something like this:\line\line /equip Sageblade\line /cast Consecration(Rank 5)\line /equip Blackguard\line\line Press it twice, once to equip Spell Weapon and cast it, and again to equip the Tank Weapon.\line Keep in mind you can do this with all Ranks.\line This isn't entirely necessary, its just a advanced technique. \line You can do fine with just a Tank Weapon.\par
\par
Blessing of Sanctuary Rank 4: Reduces damage taken and deals Holy Damage with every block. This will be what you use on yourself and all other tanks. \line To make buffing a more pleasant experience all Paladins should have PallyPower\line\b PallyPower Add-on Link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www48.zippyshare.com/v/jS1oaOJj/file.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www48.zippyshare.com/v/jS1oaOJj/file.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
Blessing of Salvation: Can use on others to make them do 30% less threat if you need it.\line This is something you do not want on yourself, this Add-on will automatically debuff it so you don't have to pay attention to that. \line\b BadBuffKiller Add-on Link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www37.zippyshare.com/v/xMVCWnoa/file.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www37.zippyshare.com/v/xMVCWnoa/file.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\line\b0 (It also debuffs Blessing of Protection, so be aware of that incase you want it off for PVP).\b\par
\b0\par
Seal of Wisdom Rank 3: Useful above all for its judgment. When you are tanking something that isn't being focus'd on its nice to use the Seal as well.\line For example, if you tank Golemagg or Sulfuron Adds, After building some threat you can use both Judgment and Seal of Wisdom and just spam Holy Shield and Consecration (Consecration Rank 3 should suffice).\par
\par
Holy Shield Rank 3: Gives you a 30% block chance for 4 blocks within 10 seconds. A very good ability, each block deals Holy Damage with increased threat. This is one of our highest threat abilities. It can be downranked to save 90 Mana in a desperate situation but typically its not worth it as this gives a lot of threat.\par
\par
Cleanse: Gets rid of Poison, Disease, and Magic debuffs. I personally like to just macro "/decursive" with the Decursive addon as it will automatically cleanse without you having to target anyone and it will always prioritize yourself.\line\b Decursive Add-on Link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www37.zippyshare.com/v/BHTKf7Os/file.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www37.zippyshare.com/v/BHTKf7Os/file.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
Hammer of Wrath Rank 3: The Paladin version of Execute, deals Holy Damage on targets below 20% health.\par
\par
Blessing of Sacrifice Rank 2: Useful to use on the Main Tank if you're offtanking to spread the damage taken across the raid. \par
\par
Holy Wrath Rank 2: Causes Holy Damage to all Undead and Demons within a 20 yard radius. Has a cast time but if you can manage to pull with it then its a huge threat boost. \par
\par
\b TALENTS.\par
\line\line\b0 Holy:\par
5 Divine Strength\par
5 Improved Seal of Righteous\par
1 Consecration\b\par
\par
\b0 Protection:\par
5 Redoubt\par
3 Precision\par
5 Toughness\par
3 Improved Righteous Fury\par
3 Shield Specialization\par
5 Anticipation\par
1 Blessing of Sanctuary\par
5 One-Handed Weapon Specialization\par
1 Holy Shield\par
\par
Retribution:\par
5 Benediction\par
4 Deflection\par
\par
You don't need Blessing of Kings Holy Paladins can buff it. Divine Strength for Block Value. Deflection over Improved Judgement for Avoidance. This is the most effective Talent Build for those looking to take the least amount of damage possible.\line\b Link: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://classicdb.ch/?talent#sxVzZVhxIxzVoV0L }}{\fldrslt{https://classicdb.ch/?talent#sxVzZVhxIxzVoV0L\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
RECOMMENDED PROFESSIONS\par
\par
\b0 Engineering: Extremely useful as a Protection Paladin. Grenades help pull from further away as we don't have ranged weapons and Force Reactive Disk is the best AOE Damage Shield in the game. It breaks a lot so you might eventually want 2 or 3 of them if you're in a raiding guild. Mostly for Gauntlets like Suppression Room in Blackwing Lair. I wouldn't use it on anything that deals a lot of damage.\b\par
\b0\par
\b PRERAID BIS TANK GEAR LIST\par
\b0\par
Helm: Helm of Awareness\line Enchant: 1% Dodge (Libram of Protection).\line (BIS until Helm of Domination).\par
\par
Neck: Evil Eye Pendant\line (BIS until Talisman of Protection).\par
\par
Shoulders: Stockade Pauldrons\line Enchant: 18 Spell Damage (When you get ZG exalted).\line (BIS until Drake Talon Pauldrons).\par
\par
Cape: Shifting Cloak\line Enchant: 1% Dodge \line (BIS until Sandstorm Cloak).\par
\par
Chest: Enchanted Thorium Breastplate\line Enchant: 4 Stats\line (BIS until Icebane Breastplate).\par
\par
Bracers: Vigorsteel Vambraces\line Enchant: 9 Stamina\line (BIS until Dragonbone Wristguards).\par
\par
Gloves: Stonegrip Gauntlets\line Enchant: 15 Agility\line (BIS until Gauntlets of the Immovable).\par
\par
Belt: Deathbone Girdle\line (BIS until Belt of the Sand Reaver).\par
\par
Legs: Warmaster Legguards\line Enchant: 1% Dodge (Libram of Protection).\line (BIS until Bloodsoaked Legplates).\par
\par
Boots: Boots of Avoidance\line Enchant: 7 Agility\line (BIS until Core Forged Greaves).\par
\par
Ring: Nagerling\line (BIS until Overlord's Crimson Band).\par
\par
Ring: Band of the Steadfast Hero\line (BIS until Overlord's Onyx Band).\par
\par
Trinket: Force of Will\line (BIS until Onyxia Blood Talisman).\par
\par
Trinket: Vigilance Charm\line (BIS until Stormpike Insignia Rank 6).\par
\par
Weapon: Blackguard\line Enchant: 15 Agility\line (BIS until Bloodlord's Defender).\par
\par
Conc Swap Weapon: Sageblade\line Enchant: 30 Spell Damage\line (BIS until Runesword of the Red).\par
\par
Shield: Draconian Deflector\line Enchant: 3% Block\line (BIS until Aegis of the Blood God).\par
\line\line Libram: Libram of Hope\line (Also need Libram of Truth for Swapping).\par
\par
I would also suggest getting a Heal Set and Nightfall for Off Tanking. \line\b Nightfall Annoucement Add-on: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www23.zippyshare.com/v/NVPO3zY0/file.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www23.zippyshare.com/v/NVPO3zY0/file.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b PRERAID BIS HEAL GEAR LIST\line\b0 (This set will focus slightly more on MP5 assuming you're healing as Protection).\par
\b\par
\b0 Helm: Insightful Hood\line Enchant: 8 Intellect (Libram of Voracity).\line (BIS until Lawbringer Helm).\par
\par
Neck: Animated Chain Necklace\line (BIS until Amulet of the Shifting Sands).\par
\par
Shoulders: Mantle of Lost Hope\line Enchant: 33 Healing (When you get ZG exalted).\line (BIS until Wild Growth Spaulders).\par
\par
Cape: Hide of the Wild\line Enchant: 15 Nature Resistance\line (BIS until Shroud of Pure Thought).\par
\par
Chest: Robes of the Exalted\line Enchant: 4 Stats\line (BIS until Judgement Breastplate).\par
\par
Bracers: Spitfire Bracers\line Enchant: 4 Mana Per 5\line (BIS until Redemption Wristguards).\par
\par
Gloves: Hands of the Exalted Herald\line Enchant: 30 Healing\line (BIS until Peacekeeper Gauntlets).\par
\par
Belt: Whipvine Cord\line (BIS until Redemption Girdle).\par
\par
Legs: Padre's Trousers\line Enchant: 8 Intellect (Libram of Voracity).\line (BIS until Peacekeeper Leggings).\par
\par
Boots: Soulforge Boots\line Enchant: 5 Spirit\line (BIS until Seafury Boots).\par
\par
Ring: Rosewine Circle\line (BIS until Primalist's Seal).\par
\par
Ring: Band of Rumination\line (BIS until Primalist's Band).\par
\par
Trinket: Mindtap Talisman\line (BIS until Shard of the Scale).\par
\par
Trinket: Mindtap Talisman\line (BIS until Rejuvenation Gem).\par
\par
Weapon: The Hammer of Grace\line Enchant: 55 Healing\line (BIS until Zulian Scepter of Rites).\par
\par
Offhand: Tome of Divine Right\line (BIS until Lei of the Lifegiver).\par
\line\line Libram: Libram of Divinity\par
\par
Note: There are other future Belts/Bracers with more Healing/Less Mp5 but I think they are side grades for Protection Healers and are more likely to be given to Main Spec Healers.\line\line Add-on useful for healing, macro "/quickheal" and spam it. Don't fall asleep.\line\b Quickheal Add-on: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www23.zippyshare.com/v/AvJ90fga/file.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www23.zippyshare.com/v/AvJ90fga/file.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\b0\f0\fs22\par
\par
\b CONSUMABLES.\line\par
\b0 The\b  EXTREME MINIMUM \b0 amount you will need.\par
Flask of Titans (Increases Health by 1200).\par
Tender Wolf Steak (12 Stamina and 12 Spirit).\line\line Gordok Green Grog (10 Stamina).\line (You can get this from Stomper Kreeg in Dire Maul North after completing a Tribute Run).\par
Elixir of the Mongoose (25 Agility and 2% Crit). \line\line Elixir of Greater Intellect (25 Intellect).\par
Mageblood Potion (12 Mana per 5).\line\line Greater Arcane Elixir (35 Spell Damage).\line\line Brilliant Wizard Oil (36 Spell Damage and 1% Spell Crit).\line (Use on both Tank and Conc Swap Weapons).\par
Major Mana Potion (Restores 1350 to 2250 Mana).\par
Demonic Rune (Restores 900 to 1500 Mana, Hurts you for 600 to 1000).\line (Some of this can be resisted, watch your health bar before you use this).\line\line\line I meant it when I said you have to be \b EXTREMELY DEDICATED \b0 to make this work.\line\line\b Additional Consumables:\b0\par
Dirge's Kickin' Chimaerok Chops (25 Stamina). (Stacks with Tender Wolf Steak).\par
Rumsey Rum Black Label (Only obtainable through fishing). (15 Stamina).\par
Rumsy Rum Light (Only obtainable through fishing). (5 Stamina). \line (Light/Dark Rums stack, Black Label counts as a Dark).\par
Spirit of Zanza x1 (50 Stamina, 50 Spirit). \line (Requires Revered with Zandalar Tribe. Trade in a Honor Mark for a Zanza).\par
Elixir of Superior Defense (450 Armor).\par
Greater Stoneshield Potion (2000 Armor for 2 Minutes).\line (Shares Cooldown with Major Mana Potion).\line\line Dense Dynamite (Throws 340 to 461 Fire Damage in a 5 Yard Radius).\line (Useful for pulling from far away).\line (Requires Engineering).\line\line Thorium Grenade (Throws 300-501 Fire Damage in a 3 Yard Radius).\line (Useful for pulling from far away).\line (Requires Engineering).\line\line Goblin Sapper Charge (Deals 450 to 751 Fire Damage to all nearby enemies and 375 to 626 Damage to you).\line (Requires Engineering).\line\line Greater Fire Protection Potion (Absorbs 1950 to 3251 Fire Damage, Lasts 1 Hour).\line (Shares Cooldown with Major Mana Potion).\line (Can use 1 before pull and wait for Cooldown for Major Mana Potion).\line\line Greater Nature Protection Potion (Absorbs 1950 to 3251 Nature Damage, Lasts 1 Hour).\line (Shares Cooldown with Major Mana Potion).\line (Can use 1 before pull and wait for Cooldown for Major Mana Potion).\line\line Greater Frost Protection Potion (Absorbs 1950 to 3251 Frost Damage, Lasts 1 Hour). \line (Shares Cooldown with Major Mana Potion).\line (Can use 1 before pull and wait for Cooldown for Major Mana Potion).\line\line Greater Arcane Protection Potion (Absorbs 1950 to 3251 Arcane Damage, Lasts 1 Hour).\line (Shares Cooldown with Major Mana Potion).\line (Can use 1 before pull and wait for Cooldown for Major Mana Potion).\line\line Greater Shadow Protection Potion (Absorbs 1950 to 3251 Shadow Damage, Lasts 1 Hour).\line (Shares Cooldown with Major Mana Potion).\line (Can use 1 before pull and wait for Cooldown for Major Mana Potion).\line\line Limited Invulnerability Potion (Immune to Physical Attacks for 6 Seconds).\line (Shares Cooldown with Major Mana Potion).\line\line Frozen Rune (Absorbs 1500 to 2501 Fire Damage, Lasts 1 Hour).\line (3 Minute Cooldown).\line\line Dark Rune (Restores 900 to 1500 Mana, Hurts you for 600 to 1000).\line (Some of this can be resisted, watch your health bar before you use this).\line (Shares Cooldown with Demonic Rune).\line\line Swiftness Potion (Increases Run Speed by 50% for 15 Seconds).\line (Useful for Kiting).\line\line Swiftness of Zanza x1 (Increases Run Speed by 20%)\line (Requires Revered with Zandalar Tribe. Trade in a Honor Mark for a Zanza).\line (Useful for Kiting).\par
Dragonbreath Chili (Breathe Fire).\par
Winterfall Firewater (35 Attack Power). \par
Blessed Sunfruit (10 Strength). (Requires Revered with Argent Dawn).\line\line Brilliant Mana Oil (25 Healing and 12 Mp5).\line (For Healing when necessary).\par
Sagefish Delight (6 Mana per 5).\line (For Healing when necessary).\par
Nightfin Soup (8 Mana per 5).\line (For Healing when necessary).\par
Flask of Distilled Wisdom (Increases Mana by 2000).\line (For Healing when necessary).\par
\par
Scrolls.\par
Scroll of Stamina IV World Drop or Vender Cooldown. (16 Stamina). \par
Scroll of Agility IV World Drop or Vender Cooldown. (16 Agility). \par
Scroll of Strength IV World Drop or Vender Cooldown. (16 Strength). \par
Scroll of Intellect IV World Drop or Vender Cooldown. (16 Intellect).\line\line Scroll of Spirit IV World Drop or Vender Cooldown. (16 Spirit).\par
\par
Blasted Lands Quest.\par
Lung Juice Cocktail x1 (25 Stamina). \line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Spirit of the Boar" in Blasted Lands. \par
Ground Scorpok Assay x1 (25 Agility). \line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Salt of the Scorpok" in Blasted Lands.\par
R.O.I.D.S. x1 (25 Strength).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Rage of Ages" in Blasted Lands. \par
Cerebral Cortex Compound x1 (25 Intellect).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Infallible Mind" in Blasted Lands. \par
Gizzard Gum x1 (25 Spirit)\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Spiritual Domination" in Blasted Lands. \par
\par
Winterspring Quest.\par
Juju Escape (Increases dodge by 5% for 10 Seconds, 1 Minute Cooldown).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Ice Thistle E'ko" from Witch Doctor Mau'ari in Winterspring.\par
Juju Power (30 Strength).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Winterfall E'ko" from Witch Doctor Mau'ari in Winterspring. \par
Juju Might (40 Attack Power).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Frostmaul E'ko" from Witch Doctor Mau'ari in Winterspring. \par
Juju Flurry (3% Haste for 20 Seconds). (1 Minute Cooldown).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Frostsaber E'ko" from Witch Doctor Mau'ari in Winterspring.\par
Juju Guile (30 Intellect).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Wildkin E'ko" from Witch Doctor Mau'ari in Winterspring.\par
Juju Ember (Increases Fire Resistance by 15).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Shardtooth E'ko" from Witch Doctor Mau'ari in Winterspring.\line\line Juju Chill (Increases Frost Resistance by 15).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Chillwind E'ko" from Witch Doctor Mau'ari in Winterspring.\par
\par
Un'Goro Crater Quest.\line\line Crystal Charge (Throws 383 to 518 Fire Damage in a 3 Yard Radius).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Crystal Charge" from Northern Crystal Pylon in Un'Goro Crater.\line\line Crystal Restore (Heals Target for 670 over 15 Seconds).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Crystal Restore" from the Northern Crystal Pylon in Un'Goro Crater.\line\line Crystal Force (Increases Target's Spirit by 30).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Crystal Force" from the Eastern Crystal Pylon in Un'Goro Crater.\line\line Crystal Spire (Grants Target a 12 Damage Thorns Effect).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Crystal Spire" from the Eastern Crystal Pylon in Un'Goro Crater.\line\line Crystal Ward (Increases Target's Armor by 200).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Crystal Ward" from the Western Crystal Pylon in Un'Goro Crater.\line\line Crystal Yield (Decreases Enemy Target's Armor by 200).\line Obtained from the repeatable quest "Crystal Yield" from the Western Crystal Pylon in Un'Goro Crater.\par
\par
Dungeon Set 2 Quest.\line (Note: You can only obtain 15 of these the quest are not repeatable).\line\line Bloodkelp Elixir of Dodging (Increases Dodge by 3%).\line Obtained by completing the quest "More Components of Importance" from Bodley in Blackrock Mountain.\line\line Bloodkelp Elixir of Resistance (Increases All Resistances by 15).\line Obtained by completing the quest "More Components of Importance" from Bodley in Blackrock Mountain.\par
\par
\b WORLD BUFFS.\b0\par
\par
Darkmoon Faire Buff from Sayge. (2 Hour Cooldown).\par
10% Stamina Combination: Confiscate the Corn, Speak against your brother openly. (3,1).\par
10% Armor Combination : Slay the man, Let your friend go. (1, 3).\par
25 All Resist Combination: Turn him over to liege, Remain Quiet. (2,3).\par
10% Damage Combination: Slay the man, Execute your friend painfully. (1,1).\par
10% Intellect Combination: Turn him over to liege, Show not so quiet defiance. (2,2).\par
\par
Cleanse a Corrupted Songflower in Felwood.\par
Songflower Serenade: 5% Spell/Melee/Ranged Crit and 15 to All Stats.\par
\par
Onyxia/Nefarian Head Turn in at Stormwind/Orgrimmar.\par
Rallying Cry of the Dragonslayer: 10% Spell Crit, 5% Melee/Ranged Crit and 140 Attack Power.\par
\par
Heart of Hakkar Turn in at Molthor in Yojamba Isle.\par
Spirit of Zandalar: 10% Movement Speed and 15% All Stats. \par
\par
Dire Maul Tribute Buffs.\par
Mol'dar's Moxie: 15% Stamina. (Talk to Guard Mol'dar).\par
Fengus' Ferocity: Attack Power Increased by 200. (Talk to Guard Fengus).\par
Slip'kik's Savvy: 3% Spell Crit. (Talk to Guard Slip'kik).\line\line\line Lordaeron's Blessing. (Eastern Plaguelands Northpass Tower).\line\line Health increased in Eastern Plaguelands, Stratholme and Scholmance by 5%. \par
\b\par
BIS FOREVER TANK GEAR LIST\line\par
\b0 Helm: Helm of Domination\par
Enchant: 7 Defense, 10 Stamina, 24 Healing (Zul'Gurub Enchant).\par
\par
Neck: Mark of C'thun\par
\par
Shoulders: Pauldrons of the Unrelenting\par
Enchant: 16 Stamina, 100 Armor (Sapphiron Enchant).\par
\par
Cloak: Cryptfiend Silk Cloak\par
Enchant: 1% Dodge\par
\par
Chest: Icebane Breastplate \par
Enchant: 100 Health or 4 All Stats\par
\par
Bracers: Dragonbone Wristgaurds\par
Enchant: 9 Stamina\par
\par
Gloves: Gauntlets of Steadfast Determination\par
Enchant: 15 Agility\par
\par
Belt: Royal Qiraji Belt\par
\par
Legs: Bloodsoaked Legplates\par
Enchant: 7 Defense, 10 Stamina, 24 Healing (Zul'Gurub Enchant).\par
\par
Boots: Boots of Unwavering Will\par
Enchant: 7 Stamina\par
\par
Ring: Angelista's Touch\par
\par
Ring: Ring of Emperor Vek'lor\par
\par
Trinket: Styleen's Impeding Scarab\par
\par
Trinket: Onyxia Blood Talisman\par
\par
Weapon: Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker\par
Enchant: 15 Agility\par
\par
Consecrate Swap Weapon: The End of Dreams\par
Enchant: 30 Spell Damage \par
\par
Shield: Blessed Qiraji Bulwark\par
Enchant: 3% Block\par
\par
Libram: Libram of Hope\par
\par
This set list reaches exactly 440 defense with the highest possible avoidance maintaining defense cap and allows for Weapon Swapping.\par
\par
\b BIS FOREVER HEAL GEAR LIST \line\b0 (This set will focus slightly more on MP5 assuming you're healing as Protection).\par
\line Helm: Don Rigoberto's Lost Hat\par
Enchant: 7 Defense, 10 Stamina, 24 Healing (Zul'Gurub Enchant).\par
\par
Neck: Amulet of the Fallen God\par
\par
Shoulders: Redemption Spaulders\par
Enchant: 31 Healing, 5 Mana per 5 (Sapphiron Enchant).\par
\par
Cloak: Cloak of Clarity\par
Enchant: 15 Nature Resistance \par
\par
Chest: Redemption Tunic\par
Enchant: 4 All Stats\par
\par
Bracers: Redemption Wristguards\par
Enchant: 4 Mana per 5\par
\par
Gloves: Redemption Handguards\par
Enchant: 30 Healing\par
\par
Belt: Redemption Girdle\par
\par
Legs: Redemption Legguards\par
Enchant: 7 Defense, 10 Stamina, 24 Healing (Zul'Gurub Enchant).\par
\par
Boots: Redemption Boots\par
Enchant: 5 Spirit\par
\par
Ring: Ring of Redemption\par
\par
Ring: Ring of the Martyr\par
\par
Trinket: Rejuvenation Gem\par
\par
Trinket: Warmth of Forgiveness\par
\par
Weapon: Hammer of the Twisting Nether\par
Enchant: 55 Healing\par
\par
Shield: Shield of Condemnation\par
Enchant: 7 Stamina\par
\par
Libram: Libram of Light\par
\line\line\b BIS FOREVER FIRE RESIST GEAR LIST \line\line\par
\b0 Helm: Dark Iron Helmet\par
Enchant: 7 Defense, 10 Stamina, 24 Healing (Zul'Gurub Enchant).\par
\par
Neck: Mark of C'thun\par
\par
Shoulders: Fireguard Shoulders\par
Enchant: 5 Fire Resistance (Argent Dawn).\par
\par
Cloak: Fireproof Cloak\par
Enchant: 15 Fire Resistance \par
\par
Chest: Breastplate of the Chromatic Flight\par
Enchant: 4 All Stats\par
\par
Bracers: Dark Iron Bracers\par
Enchant: 9 Stamina\par
\par
Gloves: Dark Iron Gauntlets\par
Enchant: 15 Agility\par
\par
Belt: Royal Qiraji Belt\par
\par
Legs: Emberweave Leggings\par
Enchant: 7 Defense, 10 Stamina, 24 Healing (Zul'Gurub Enchant).\par
\par
Boots: Boots of Unwavering Will\par
Enchant: 7 Stamina\par
\par
Ring: Angelista's Touch\par
\par
Ring: Ring of Emperor Vek'lor\par
\par
Trinket: Onyxia Blood Talisman\par
\par
Trinket: Blazing Emblem\par
\par
Weapon: Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker\par
Enchant: 15 Agility\par
\par
Shield: Grand Marshal's Aegis\par
Enchant: 7 Stamina\par
\par
Libram: Libram of Hope\par
\b\par
\line BIS FOREVER NATURE RESIST GEAR LIST \line\par
\b0 Helm: Helm of Domination\par
Enchant: 7 Defense, 10 Stamina, 24 Healing (Zul'Gurub Enchant).\par
\par
Neck: Mark of C'thun\par
\par
Shoulders: Acid Inscribed Pauldrons\par
Enchant: 16 Stamina, 100 Armor (Sapphiron Enchant).\par
\par
Cloak: Green Dragonskin Cloak\par
Enchant: 15 Nature Resistance \par
\par
Chest: Ironvine Breastplate\par
Enchant: 4 All Stats\par
\par
Bracers: Icebane Bracers\par
Enchant: 9 Stamina\par
\par
Gloves: Ironvine Gloves\par
Enchant: 15 Agility\par
\par
Belt: Ironvine Belt\par
\par
Legs: Bloodsoaked Legplates\par
Enchant: 7 Defense, 10 Stamina, 24 Healing (Zul'Gurub Enchant).\par
\par
Boots: Acid Inscribed Greaves\par
Enchant: 7 Stamina\par
\par
Ring: Malfurion's Signet Ring\par
\par
Ring: Ring of Emperor Vek'lor\par
\par
Trinket: Styleen's Impeding Scarab\par
\par
Trinket: Onyxia Blood Talisman\par
\par
Weapon: Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker\par
Enchant: 15 Agility\par
\par
Shield: Blessed Qiraji Bulwark\par
Enchant: 3% Block\par
\par
Libram: Libram of Hope\par
\b\line\line BIS FOREVER HATEFUL STRIKE GEAR LIST \line\par
\b0 Helm: Redemption Headpiece\par
Enchant: 7 Defense, 10 Stamina, 24 Healing (Zul'Gurub Enchant).\par
\par
Neck: Mark of C'thun\par
\par
Shoulders: Pauldrons of the Unrelenting\par
Enchant: 16 Stamina, 100 Armor (Sapphiron Enchant).\par
\par
Cloak: Cryptfiend Silk Cloak\par
Enchant: 1% Dodge\par
\par
Chest: Redemption Tunic\par
Enchant: 100 Health\par
\par
Bracers: Redemption Wristguards\par
Enchant: 9 Stamina\par
\par
Gloves: Redemption Handguards\par
Enchant: 15 Agility\par
\par
Belt: Royal Qiraji Belt\par
\par
Legs: Redemption Legguards\par
Enchant: 7 Defense, 10 Stamina, 24 Healing (Zul'Gurub Enchant).\par
\par
Boots: Boots of Unwavering Will\par
Enchant: 7 Stamina\par
\par
Ring: Signet of the Fallen Defender\par
\par
Ring: Ring of Emperor Vek'lor\par
\par
Trinket: Mark of Tryanny\par
\par
Trinket: Smoking Heart of the Mountain\par
\par
Weapon: The Hungering Cold\par
Enchant: 15 Agility\par
\par
Shield: Shield of Condemnation\par
Enchant: +7 Stamina\par
\par
Libram: Libram of Truth\par
}
 